Update the Baseline Window slider and verdict box with the following changes:

1. SLIDER THUMBS — replace emoji ball/tortoise icons with clean neutral levers:
   Simple flat vertical bars or rounded pill-shaped handles (e.g. a thin rounded rectangle, 6px wide, 28px tall, white/light grey with subtle shadow). No icons, no emojis. Minimal and clean.

2. LIVE DATE LABELS ON DRAG — show a floating date tooltip directly above each thumb as it is being dragged (and on hover). Format: "22 Oct" or "15 Dec". Disappears when not dragging. The fixed end-of-track dates (dataset start and end) remain as permanent labels.

3. DEFAULT POSITIONS — read from config.json. Add these keys:
   "baseline_default_start": "2025-10-22"
   "baseline_default_end": "2025-12-15"
   On load, left thumb snaps to 22 Oct 2025, right thumb snaps to 15 Dec 2025.

4. REMOVE THE BASELINE AND RECENT CARDS (the two side-by-side stat boxes below the slider). They are redundant. The verdict box already contains the key numbers.

5. VERDICT BOX — expand it to absorb the removed cards and show:
   a. The emoji face + verdict headline (keep as is).
   b. The technical sentence (keep as is — "Comparing baseline... to recent...").
   c. NEW: a small, friendly, cartoon-style line chart inside the verdict box showing avg speed over time. Two segments: baseline period (blue line) and recent period (pink/red line), with a visible gap between them. Keep it simple — thick lines, no axes labels except start/end dates, no gridlines. Think napkin sketch, not Bloomberg terminal.
   d. The baseline avg speed and recent avg speed as two simple bold numbers side by side inside the box, replacing the current "Baseline: 22.4 km/h" text below the box.

6. KPI CARDS BELOW — keep AVG SPEED, MEDIAN TRIP, BAD DAY TRIP, DATA POINTS cards as they are. They summarise the full selected period and remain useful.

Incremental: slider handles + tooltips first, checkpoint. Remove cards + expand verdict box, checkpoint. Add cartoon line chart, checkpoint.